DDS-1679 [Checkbox] [Radio Button] Fix clicking the label triggers click event twice (#113)
dsv-rp/DDS: .changeset/funny-rings-live.md

---
"@daikin-oss/design-system-web-components": patch
---

> Checkbox: Fixed an issue where click checkbox label trigger click event twice. (DDS-1679)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Checkbox: Fixed an issue where clicking the label triggers click event twice. (DDS-1679)
Radio Button: Fixed an issue where clicking the label triggers click event twice. (DDS-1679)
```
